somebody's gay it's my sister you're
having a Christmas party tonight so it's
not a Christmas party
it's a nondenominational holiday mixer
more inclusive well whatever you call it
it's not happening all right it's
canceled hey idiot I'm looking right at
you okay we're not doing it
we'll still do it this branch is failing
I'm shutting you down you got to give us
a little bit of time to turn this around
all right
if by some miracle you can close Walter
Davis and his 14 million dollar account
your jobs are safe done you'll see
you're gonna work so stupid then we'll
finally have something in common
guys what if we seal him with the
greatest time of his life at our
Christmas party tonight this air we
savor Ray's job it's not the worst idea
Walter do you party I used to it f-word
Christmas B word let's get mother f-word
drunk
Watson it's my birthday oh really
committee that's nice like the candle
Merry Christmas
right down the chimney close yeah
greatest party ever hashtag open bar
what are you sending that to everyone in
Chicago I'm CEOs you know tech please
just drive I just dropped all four
people there at that party tonight they
gave me three stars like a bunch of
what did you just say I said there were
a bunch of tonight the decisions
you make will have consequences that
will haunt you for the rest of your
professional lives pull over or I will
shoot your penis in the face
[Music]
I think he meant to swing there where'd
you get these be better if I didn't say